INSTALLING LIB_MTA
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Mandatory Requirements
----------------------
The library REQUIRES BASH 3.2.  Older versions lack features which
the library depends on.  A certain number of external commands are also
required to provide the core functionality of the library.  The external
commands used by the library are:

sync
cat
date
grep
awk
sed
rm
basename
head
tail
mkfifo
tr
tty
which
lsof
kill
sendmail (or a link to a compatible replacement such as postfix)
openssl
base64

I would expect that most Unix distro's should install most, if not all of
these as part of the core binaries.  If you are missing any of them, you
will need to obtain and install the missing component(s) to get the build
of the library to work.  Versions of BASH older than 3.2 will also prevent
the build from working.  Version 3.2 fixed regular expression evaluation,
which the library depends heavily on.

Another possible issue with some flavors of Unix/Linux is the features
compiled into BASH.  For example, in the Debian/Ubuntu Linuxes, the
feature, --enable-net-redirections is NOT compiled in, apparently for
security reasons (the netcat binary IS provided though).  You will have
to re-build BASH if for some reason, one or more of the default features
is not compiled into the binary which comes with the distro.  Fortunately,
BASH is relatively easy to compile on most platforms, and the feature
defaults, if left alone, are adequate.   The library has not been tested
with the new BASH 4.0, so if you are having issues with your vendor's BASH,
it would be best to build BASH 3.2.44 as a replacement.  Be sure and read
the INSTALL that comes with the source code beforehand. 
 
The configure script will allow a link to another sendmail compatible MTA
such as postfix to count as the actual sendmail binary.  (Note: Quasi MTA
programs like msmtp will not work!)  I have not tested any other, sendmail
compatible MTA replacements with the library, and would appreciate hearing
about any experience with other MTAs.

Installation Steps
------------------
The installation requires root privileges.  That said, the install is very
straightforward.  The steps are:

	1) Type './configure' to generate the Makefile.  The default
	   install {prefix} is /usr/local.  Another prefix should work,
           but has not been tested.  If you have any missing required
           programs which are actually on your system, but were not
           found by the configure script, you may be able to tell
           configure where to look with an environmental variable.  Type
           ./configure --help for a list of the programs which can be
           specified this way.  Also check your path variable.  Configure
           uses it to look for programs.  If it is unset, or missing some
           key components, you will need to set it properly.

	2) Type 'make' to build the installation files.

        3) Type 'make test' to run the test suite on the library.  If you
           have network connectivity and a running MTA answering on port
           25 as localhost or with a static IP address, type make
           'MTA_test' to test the functions which require an MTA.  Don't
           be alarmed if a few of the tests fail on your system.  I tried
           to use completely portable tests, but inevitably, some may not
           be as portable as hoped.  However, if a large number of tests
           fail, your version of BASH may be lacking some key feature(s)
           required by the library.  Unfortunately, there is no easy way
           of confirming this without re-compiling BASH.
           
	4) Type 'make install' to install the library and ancillary files.

	5) Read the README and README-LISTS to get started.

	6) The full documentation is installed as an info file.  To read the
	   info documentation, type 'info lib_MTA'.  Several other formats of
	   the documentation are available in the docs directory under
	   {prefix}/share/lib_MTA-{vers}/docs, including dvi, pdf and html.
